twister: introduce the host-sidecar concept (#113253)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/twister/index.rst

Reviewer: Please keep the docs changes in a separate commit ("doc: twister..."), not mixed with the Twister code changes in "twister: introduce the host-sidecar concept".
It makes it easier to cherry-pick the changes into downstream projects.

Author: I disagree this is needed, but it is not a big deal either

Reviewer: not needed but simplifies our work, thanks

   harness/shell

.. _twister_sidecars:

Sidecars
********

Some tests need a host-side resource to exist for the duration of a run: a
daemon the emulated guest talks to, a shared memory region the host reads back
afterwards, or a network interface the guest attaches to. A *sidecar* models
this. It is selected with the ``sidecar:`` entry in a test scenario's

> :file:`testcase.yaml`/:file:`sample.yaml` and is orthogonal to the harness: the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:file:`tests.yaml` and is orthogonal to the harness: the
```

   harness/shell

.. _twister_sidecars:

Sidecars
********

Some tests need a host-side resource to exist for the duration of a run: a
daemon the emulated guest talks to, a shared memory region the host reads back
afterwards, or a network interface the guest attaches to. A *sidecar* models
this. It is selected with the ``sidecar:`` entry in a test scenario's
:file:`tests.yaml` and is orthogonal to the harness: the
harness interprets the guest's output while the sidecar provisions the host side
around the run. Any harness (``console`` for a sample, ``ztest`` for a test,
...) can therefore be paired with any sidecar.

.. code-block:: yaml

   tests:
     some.test:
       harness: ztest
       sidecar: <name>

A sidecar has a small lifecycle, driven by Twister for each test instance:

> #. **configure** -- the sidecar reads what it needs from the instance and its

Reviewer: nit: worth mentioning that it is called three times (twice for CMake and once before the run).
